Satoshi Nishimura:Department of Cardiovascular Medicine:PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Japan.
Ichiro Manabe:Department of Cardiovascular Medicine:Nano-Bioengineering Education Program:PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Japan.:Comprehensive Center of Education and Research for Chemical Biology of the Diseases
Mika Nagasaki:Department of Cardiovascular Medicine:Computational Diagnostic Radiology and Preventive Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Koji Eto:Division of Stem Cell Therapy, Center for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Hiroshi Yamashita:Department of Cardiovascular Medicine
Mitsuru Ohsugi:Department of Metabolic Diseases, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Makoto Otsu:Division of Stem Cell Therapy, Center for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Kazuo Hara:Department of Metabolic Diseases, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Kohjiro Ueki:Translational Systems Biology and Medicine Initiative, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.:Comprehensive Center of Education and Research for Chemical Biology of the Diseases:Department of Metabolic Diseases, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Seiryo Sugiura:Department of Human and Engineered Environmental Studies, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Kotaro Yoshimura:Department of Plastic Surgery, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Takashi Kadowaki:Translational Systems Biology and Medicine Initiative, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.:Comprehensive Center of Education and Research for Chemical Biology of the Diseases:Department of Metabolic Diseases, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Ryozo Nagai:Department of Cardiovascular Medicine:Translational Systems Biology and Medicine Initiative, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.:Comprehensive Center of Education and Research for Chemical Biology of the Diseases


